okay you want you want the armor no okay
is this video about one conversation
between two vegans and Shang mine which
is about a broader and deeper question
about ambition I got a lot of videos
talking about ambition my whole ted car
series is in some ways reflecting on the
question of ambition and what it means
in our lives
I think ambition gets a bad name because
people think ambition has to do with
nothing but money an admission could be
a puddle has things that's not you can
have ambitions to be a great artist to
be a great humanitarian worker to be a
great medical doctor to be anything to
be a great writer to be anything
creative or destructive you can imagine
to be a vegan activist to write
children's storybooks to be a good
parent
whatever it is ambition to take on so
many forms and directions it doesn't
always have to be attached and money and
some kind of nothing do with money and
so on but I do through YouTube and
through veganism I do keep meeting these
young men who have absolutely no
ambition and when you ask them about
their own education or their own career
past present future they have nothing to
say for themselves and whether or not
that's shocking to you you really should
be shocked when I talked to this guy
Kieran Kieran his name on YouTube is
angry vegan that was really the most
shocking and disturbing part of it was
just sitting there and looking into his
eyes and asking him like whoa you know
what education do you have absolutely
none does he have any plans to education
the future absolutely none what jobs has
you done in the past or was he doing
ours again do in the future and I'm
simplifying only slightly to say
absolutely none he had he had done a
little bit of what we call in American
English in like Joe Jobs he was using
Australian slang for this if he's you
know he certainly pick up work but
little little jobs here and there and
you know for him the only real ray of
hope in his life is YouTube is the
possibility of making money at a YouTube
is the possibility of reproducing the
success at someone like during a
murderous and
and durianrider is in this way a really
profound influence on his life and it's
it's pathetic I'm just telling you
straight up meeting something like that
face-to-face and looking in their eyes
is really pathetic now as a parallel
experience which was not face to face
but just by written messages back and
forth in the Internet
I had this interaction would ask
yourself what we actually he's his first
name of hitting okay Isaac thanks I'm
for it so Isaac is at his channellings
ask yourself as names Isaac was writing
the Isaac you know early on in terms of
trying to calm him down and build
bridges eisah gave me my CV I said look
I know you don't watch my channel this
is who I am that's where I come from
like you can get to know me I'm a human
being we don't got to hate each other
kind of thing and you know he was pretty
fixated on hating me he did calm down
eventually but you know when I was
asking those same questions like well
what what education do you have what if
occasionally trying to gather you
Despard have none zero what career have
you had what are you trying to have zero
and so for him I mean II I was not
insulting him when I said that he's out
here really hustling
he really is pinning his hope for the
future on donations from patreon and
YouTube success so I'm sure I mean you
know he is a hard-working guy he's
obviously really pursuing that goal with
gusto but it is still in a word pathetic
to meet someone like that who doesn't
have any other goals and life you know
any other ambitions and you know try in
terms of my own ambitions looking back
past tense I wanted to study a language
called pally pa Li and at that time it
was not taught in any university in
canada costa coast okay I wanted to
study languages like Korean a Ghibli a
few universities now claim maker
initiative way creative these are
languages that are not well documented
or not well supported novel research in
Western academia generally and
specifically I'm you know I had
ambitions to do things in terms of
research humanitarian work for my own
development and make the world a better
place
that have nothing do with money and have
nothing to do with traditional
milestones of success even within
Western academia you know so you know
ambition you take many forms but sure if
my if ultimately if we look down our
noses in addition when it's narrowly
focused on money that I think we also
have to look at our noses at it when
it's narrowly focused on Fame and
especially pathetic has got to be
YouTube fame and then YouTube fame
within the digital regions everyone this
is really micro Fame this is Fame with
infinite event but you know still I mean
you know my really limited a little bit
of Fame does make my life better there's
no I meet interesting people you know
we're going to fly to France we're going
to post on YouTube hey this is when
we'll be in France because I'm one with
us
I already wrote to one friend of mine
who's in Germany and I said well look
it's not that far isn't that close if
you want to take a vacation but give me
more for us sure it's wonderful it opens
the door to a lot of really positive
things in my life but again I'm a man
who defines his life in terms of
ambitions if anything look let's keep it
all the way real the most miserable
times of my life when I was the most
acutely unhappy was exactly when I was
cut off from my ambitions and I didn't
have new ambitions to replace it with
yet that for me is acute unhappiness so
when I couldn't study Cree in a jib way
anymore and I didn't have the next
project or when I when I stopped
studying poly and didn't fasten under
project yet but that was really brief I
mentioned some of those transitions were
really quick but having be having goals
goals for your own personal development
goals but whether it's something as
abstract as goals like the feature of
the vegan movement whatever it is having
goals that define you in your life and
by contrast by the way so I met this guy
Kiran using the mango Vienna I also met
another guy called Dexter when I was in
when I was in Shanghai now someone
glasses you might think those two guys
have a lot in common
they're both vegans they're built on
YouTube they will have small YouTube
channels they both met me what was in
Chiangmai but let me tell you right away
one of the real differences with Dexter
is that he's a man who has ambitions his
ambitions in terms of career in terms of
education he
direction when you ask him those same
questions which you more or less do I
met all these people for the first time
he's got focus
he's got meaning in his life and he's
doing things that are productively
linked to the pursuit of those meetings
in life I'm not going to say the meaning
of life was to keep it plural those
meaning is concise and that's that is
ultimately a totally different kind of
type of Gani and generally speaking I
have totally different expectations from
the future
all right that's most of what I got to
say about meeting and talking to angry
vegan more generally I mean you know I
look back at in this channel many times
I've mentioned the really strange
influence that a fictional character
like that man had in my life when I was
growing up and it's obvious that people
like durianrider
obviously they're not cultural icons in
the same way that that man is but
meeting and talking to these guys the
last few diehard supporters for
durianrider like angry vegan you get to
see that the influence during writer has
like it's truly iconic it's truly
powerful and unlike that man you know
Kiran has sit and as he sits down eats
dinner but during writer he sometimes
gone over in state aetherium hunters
place there's a way in which durianrider
is more than human and larger than life
and as a you know at almost a fictional
character on YouTube and there's also
wait there's a sense of which he's very
immediately and personally available for
these fans of his and he has this really
profound warping influence on their
lives
a guy like angry vegan he's now in that
last die hard category the last handful
of people who still support daring
writer and to some extent I can
sympathize because I understand that
must he must have some sense of mission
and moral purpose of still supporting
his friend when everyone's turned
against him like still supporting dinner
even though all the rational people have
lost his faith and durianrider in his
lies but of course at the same time you
know I have to regard it as as
despicable and self-defeating and
pointless
and it was out of fear of durianrider
that Kieran posted a very intentionally
dishonest video describing the
conversation we had together so very
briefly Kieran described that
conversation as if we bumped into each
other in a mall and just talked for a
couple of minutes
he said that repeatedly in fact we met
in the mall we sat down we talked for
two hours it was an in-depth meaningful
discussion and he asked me about my
relationship with my mom was one of the
first questions for whatever reason we
talked about that at some length he
talked about his own situation in terms
of his love life and dating it was a
real in depth at length personal
conversation and one thing that was kind
of touching quite quite close to the
game conversation I asked him I said
look you know I can answer any questions
or any doubts that you have but you know
I hope you realize pretty much
everything during writers told you about
Who I am in my personal life especially
my sex life is a lie
you know ain't none of that's true so
look at Emma and one of the first things
he said was he said to me there's
absolutely no doubt in my mind I have no
questions about any of that and in that
context it was kind of moving because
when I bumped into him durianrider had
repeatedly made threats in the internet
that somebody was going to stab me when
I was in Chennai that's somebody or some
group of men would beat me up when I was
in Shanghai and he had also specifically
said that Kiran if Kiran found me that
Karen would beat me up and Kiran alluded
to that and joked about it also these
con streamer so to have a guy like that
in those circumstances tell you that
there's no doubt in his mind that I've
been telling the truth and Turner's been
Jerry Wright has been lying that's kind
of touching and resting away and it by
contrast something he said repeatedly he
he one of the first things ed to me
again he was just he said wow you look
so much thinner in real life he said you
don't look fat at all he said again
maybe for different points in the
conversation he commented that I was in
better shape than he thought I would be
and that I just I looked a lot less fat
in person and it's quick you see of this
kind of thing and I said to him oh like
maybe the third time he said that I said
I got at my fault my
right my camera phone and I said well
look you keep saying you want to do a
collaboration because he repeatedly said
he wanted to collaborate and do a
YouTube video together I said why are
you still me saying that and that'll be
this video of you say hey you know you
look you look Louis was fat in person
and he do on on YouTube and you know he
smiled but it wasn't really a joke and
he said I don't think I could guarantee
my own safety if I did that and it's a
witty line it's a funny thing to say but
that's really kind of sad me reflect on
it that he is reflecting that he would
be and he was afraid of during write
over the time and all of his actions
since then it's been very obvious that
he is afraid of some kind of reprisal
from dirty mind so yeah I was
disappointed with czernin I was
disappointed with his video that really
I felt intentionally lied about
misrepresenting the conversation that we
had in many ways he chose to lie there
and suggest that I bragged the hem about
how good I was at picking up chicks it's
just that I just bragged out of the blue
about how much I can benchpress Emily
pushes what I can do that's really
untrue in context he was repeatedly
saying that I was in better shape but
then he was expecting and then I it also
came up we're talking about during
writers various lives about me and I
said yeah you know one of the first
things I think the first thing during
mother said about me was back when he
claimed that I was taking steroids so in
that context I was saying look I do
pushups i benchpress this amount but I'm
really not in that great shape so it's
ridiculous it's ridiculous in the one
hand form to be always saying that I'm
really fat out of shape it's all so
ridiculous to him to be saying I'm on
steroids
you know it's my personal physique is
neither in one category the other so it
was in talking about that that I told
him how much fat Benish president saw
him so he's really misrepresenting that
and in a defamatory way you know trying
to make me look like a bad guys if I
just walked up to a stranger in the mall
and in the context of a two-minute
conversation told best reader how much i
benchpress which would be a little
eccentric whatever but in fact this is a
two-hour conversation that said started
with him asking about my relationship
with my mother this is the first thing
we talked about to us I'm leaving he
talked about his own personal life as I
mentioned his own career or lack thereof
his education or lack thereof and his
ambition and lack thereof and he did
talk about his love life and it was in
that context that I said look you know
all these lies during writers dying
about me you can tell just in this
conversation I don't have trouble
meeting women on a child pity of women
you've seen how Kaufman I was walking up
to a complete stranger namely you and
starting this conversation and really
having a meaningful conversation where
you got to know me right off the bat I
was in a context of threats of violence
and all this nonsense that was still
totally so confident he wasn't he was he
was trembling like a leaf I mean
especially early on he was literally
trembling and shaking when he was
talking to me and you know he eventually
calm down but he was worried and he was
worried for a reason a reason wasn't me
I wasn't a threat to him her safety but
I think he was really worried about the
consequences of just talking to me like
human being and that's why he lied about
it when he made his own video describing
it in such such different terms but um
you know he he told me things were quite
honest I appreciated honesty that he
wasn't happy about what was going on is
romance life and you know he's trying to
meet women and meeting women through
YouTube and meeting women in Thailand
and so on and so you know what I told
him about myself I mean the reality of
my love life in one interview that was
really in that context it was well
intentioned and was appropriate and
frankly I think I was giving him advice
that he could use anyway look man
whether we're talking about Nina and
Ronda or talking about angry vegan I
mean I in some ways I feel especially
sorry for the people who are successful
enough on YouTube that it justifies
their delusion it justifies their
fantasy we were looking at that girl
Catelyn shoemaker Caitlyn shoemaker last
Machinery she's vegan she just dropped
at a university to do YouTube hope she
disrupted he there's University so that
in her own words she could do two videos
a week instead of one video a week on
YouTube and she was honest enough to
admit she's doing that with debt with
student death from one year of graduate
school she was getting a master's degree
right and she's dropped out of that to
do YouTube and she does I mean she gets
30,000 viewers here are there more than
10,000 viewers per video and from my
perspective those people are the most
deluded oh you know it's like so you're
sacrificing real career ambitions real
you're sacrificing something real for a
fantasy and otherwise though at the at
the low end a guy like a guy like angry
vegan he's lucky to get 1,000 viewers on
a video so there's nothing there to
justify the fantasy but it's his own
sense of desperation aimlessness lack of
ambition and lack of direction in life
and again ambition does not need to be
about money education does not need to
be about money people equal keep it
straight but it's out of a terrible
sense of emptiness that I think he
reaches out and clings to YouTube as the
only ray of hope in his life and for
channels big or small I don't know Matt
a lie becomes dangerous not because it's
different from the truth but because it
resembles the truth and a fantasy like
being famous on YouTube it destroys
people's lives not because of its
impossibility but because it seems so
possible because it seems so attainable
it's exactly the attainable fantasies
that'll lead you to drop out of college
or just give you an excuse well years
are slipping by without any plans for
career or college it's the attainable
fantasies I can destroy your life